Just ants
I'm too lazy to step on it.
Hey
Lou Yi has a little eyesight, okay? Get out of here
Ah Shao, take a seat
Weren't you quite arrogant just now?
Why did you become cowardly so soon?
Hahaha
In front of the second school
I am an ant
How can there be arrogant capital?
Second sister-in-law, I was wrong to speak wildly before
Take him out. Paul's outside
Let Paul break his limbs
Throw it in the trash
Don't worry.
Follow Sun Zhifei out
I don't want to see you here ok ok
Second Young Master, I'll go now
Miss Lu
We're going to have a good exchange tonight
Hum hum hum
You're not just a pauper
And a fucking fool
How dare you come when I call you here?
How are you afraid?
Do you know who this is?
He is a big country
The 15th best player in our Jiangcheng underground boxing gym
He can lift 150 kilos with one hand.
He can break your ribs with one punch
The scar last time was no match for him
I'll only break your limbs
If you cooperate a little, it won't hurt so much
If you resist, I will make you miserable
Slow down. Slow down.
I have something to say